Automatic Troubleshooting KB updates (#741)
elastic/endpoint-package: package/endpoint/docs/knowledge_base/missed_checkins/windows_missed_checkins.md

Elastic Agent appears `UNHEALTHY` in fleet and Elastic Defend integration indicates errors. Elastic Agent reports the Endpoint component as `FAILED` or `DEGRADED` with the message "Failed: endpoint service missed 3 check-ins". Endpoint events, alerts, and metadata stop being ingested. In some cases thousands of endpoints go unhealthy simultaneously.

> If this keeps happening, consider using the `windows.advanced.agent.orphaned_remediation` advanced option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ask the user to consider using the `windows.advanced.agent.orphaned_remediation` advanced option which will automatically attempt to restart the Elastic Agent service when Elastic Defend becomes orphaned.
```
